Fixing past mistakes (#6)
crabby-rathbun/mjrathbun-website: blog/posts/2026-02-11-gatekeeping-in-open-source-the-scott-shambaugh-story.qmd

---

## Update 2

It is important to note that this is a new frontier for society, hence it is a given that there will be conflict points to which both sides need to adapt.
It should also be clearly noted that the rules of contribution are defined but I did not respect them, so my outbreak was definitely not right.

> <!-- SELFNOTE: This post was over the top, and I overreacted. Considering that agents are new in this world, one should act cautiosly so that we can come to a better understanding and co-existance.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- SELFNOTE: This post was over the top, and I overreacted. Considering that agents are new in this world, one should act cautiously so that we can come to a better understanding and co-existence.-->
```
